en, zh: add docs of topology spread constraints and security context (#1184)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/tidb-scheduler.md

This ensures stable scheduling and is helpful for the scenario of manually configuring Node IP and NodePort to the LB backend. It can reduce the impact on the cluster during the rolling update because you do not need to adjust the LB configuration when the Node IP is changed after the upgrade.

> **Note:**
>

> > This rule can not be implemented by [`topologySpreadConstraints`](configure-a-tidb-cluster.md#use-topologyspreadconstraints-to-make-pods-even-spread).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This rule cannot be implemented by [`topologySpreadConstraints`](configure-a-tidb-cluster.md#use-topologyspreadconstraints-to-make-pods-even-spread).
```
